today i would like to introduce to you
the next season of the deadpool a comedy
tv series
when it comes to superheroes people
often admire their supernatural powers
to save the world
but deadpool is loved by the audience
for his disruptive jokingly overstepping
and non-stop rambling mouth
talking about part one after wade wilson
aka
deadpool possessed an immortal body he
became a mercenary specializing in
eradicating evil confronting countless
murderous criminals and social black
gangs day by day
but deadpool still likes to destroy
monsters the most because no one else
dares to take on such a difficult case
and of course the cost to hire him is
not small
but not every mission is easy to do this
one seems not easy there is a drug lord
with a ponytail hiding in the security
room making him unable to eliminate him
but today is his anniversary with his
girlfriend so he has to go back on time
he ran into the street and jumped into
his best friend the piners taxi
he quickly ran home
at the door he took off his mask and
revealed his face as rough as an avocado
he and vanessa exchanged souvenirs he
gave her a pure lead game coin which was
a memory of their first date
and vanessa gave him good news their
plan to have a baby has officially begun
deadpool knew he was going to be a
father so excited he began to think of
names for his children
they were immersed in happiness when
suddenly a group of people broke in the
door
deadpool alone confronts the thugs he
uses a kitchen knife to defeat them one
by one
in the end there is only one knife left
but behind him there was still one more
guy that guy used a gun to shoot at
vanessa deadpool watched helplessly as
vanessa fell she was gone
he immediately jumped downstairs to find
their boss the ponytail boss he missed
in the afternoon
since the day he lost vanessa his life
fell from heaven to hell
he cried and got drunk every day in
weasel's pub
then he found ways to end his life to
get to vanessa like letting the bears in
the zoo kill him drinking a bottle of
water to clean the house and then
jumping from the roof of a skyscraper to
the ground or lying on a dozen gas tanks
then set it on fire
his body was broken into pieces but he
did not die
while in a coma he sees vanessa but is
unable to touch her
she said his heart wasn't in the right
place and then he woke up in a ruined
house with pieces of debris vanessa hid
under the chair as she stood up
three days later deadpool's immortal
body was restored to its original form
to prevent him from continuing to seek
death as well as wallow in pain
colossus tries to convince him to join
the x-men
like so many times of persuasion since
season one he rejected colossus again
in his spare time deadpool started
rolling around the house in a wheelchair
destroying furniture colossus ran to
stop him and beat him
he complained about not having a famous
x-men here
a group of mutants in the next room who
were studying saw this and quietly
closed the door
colossus continued to convince him that
he couldn't die anyway so he just
accepted to do what colossus said
the next morning deadpool received his
first quest
he colossus and negasonic are tasked
with dealing with a mutant child named
russell collin at an orphanage labeled
as a mutant rehabilitation center
the boy was setting fire to his
orphanage
deadpool first joined the mission he
intended to convince the boy with some
[ __ ] and then took the opportunity
to control russell
but the boy's personality is exactly
like the fire he created hot tempered
grumpy and whenever he's upset he shoots
out flames
he knocks both [ __ ] sonic and colossus
away deadpool pulls out his gun but
colossus stops him he continues rambling
until russell's flames hit the wall
while the boy wasn't paying attention he
threw the hilt of his sword at the boy's
head knocking him unconscious the boy
was wearing a de-energizing ring
thought everything was fine but deadpool
heard the boy say he was abused they
never considered him human he
immediately killed the white robe
employee colossus rushed to stop him so
that he wouldn't kill anyone more
deadpool is controlled and also wears a
de-energizing ring
he and boy russell were escorted to the
prison
at this time in the future world there
is a man named cable he is a half-human
half-machine mutant his wife and
children have just died in a fire that
the culprit is the young boy russell
when he was growing up
he picks up his daughter's burned teddy
bear he wants to go back in time to kill
the boy to prevent tragedy from
happening
when he returned to the past in a vast
field he saw two men drinking so he
knocked them out to rob their car then
went to the supermarket to rob the
necessary items
deadpool and russell are transported to
the prison ice the prison of mutants
because of wearing the anti-superpower
necklace the cancer cells in deadpool's
body began to grow but this is also what
he is longing for
russell told deadpool that he wanted to
be a superhero
now the first thing he wanted to do when
he got out of here was burn the
headmaster to death then take a picture
of him standing next to the headmaster's
body
cable knew that russell is being held in
prison he immediately executes a plan to
destroy the boy
in prison deadpool was brutally beaten
his little friend said he would
definitely avenge him he also advised
the boy to make friends with the
strongest person in this ice prison
as soon as he finished speaking cable
with all the latest weapons went to the
prison
because of the destructive power of the
high-tech weapons from the future the
people in the ice prison were unable to
resist
the whole prison was damaged so the
prisoners ran out wildly he began to
locate russell and immediately went to
hunt down the boy deadpool and the
fireboy also ran out but they did not
expect the attackers target to be
themselves
but when he was stopped he learned that
the attacker's target was russell
deadpool risked his life to protect the
boy but with his current state of health
he was no match for that guy
cable pushed him down from above causing
the necklace on his neck to break and
the immortal warrior was back
deadpool picked up cable's gun and shot
cable himself he asked cable why he
wanted to kill the 14 year old cable
didn't want to answer and went to fight
deadpool and deadpool was defeated again
it's clear that deadpool cares about
russell but he tells cable that he
doesn't care at all about the fire boy's
life or death
at that moment the boy ran over and
heard the boy despaired and turned to
leave
deadpool used the bomb the cable brought
to the prison to create a large hole in
the prison causing the two to be thrown
out
cable clung to a cliff while deadpool
fell into a glacial lake
he falls back into a dream and meets
vanessa who says that in order to meet
her he must pay attention to children
because children change people russell
was alone now he was aware of the rule
to survive here that it was necessary to
cooperate with someone
while the prisoners were fighting
russell immediately ran to a giant
monster to give his rice to him to get
acquainted his name is juggernaut the
terrorist who has always been kept alone
the boy said he would help juggernaut
get out of here
deadpool after escaping death returns to
his best friend weasel's bar and says he
wants to save the boy from prison to
avoid cable's pursuit
he and weasel began posting jobs for
mutants with special talents including
bedlam who can control electric fields
zeitgeist with the ability to vomit acid
vanisher with invisibility the alien
shatter star domino with the ability to
be luck in the end peter has no
superpowers at all
they form a squad called x-force
deadpool planned that while the
prisoners were being moved to another
place they would suddenly attack the
prisoner transport train and save the
boy
while deadpool discussed the plan cable
kidnapped weasel and he told cable
everything about their plan
the day of implementation of the plan
has come the team is fully armed they
move by helicopter
after identifying the target the team
was filled with confidence to parachute
down
when jumping down they were confident
but when landing they panicked
only deadpool and the lucky
super-powered girl domino landed safely
five out of all seven died heroically
before even touching the ground
while deadpool was still chasing the
train domino thanks to the force of luck
after a few short seconds she landed
safely into the carriage carrying the
prisoners
what a perfect landing
at the same time cable is also chasing
after russell
domino blew a bullet into the fire
extinguisher and pushed cable out but he
still managed to cling to the side of
the train
domino turned on autopilot and started
fighting him but was unable to fight
cable
while he was about to shoot luckily
deadpool arrived in time to save her
from death
at this time deadpool and cable continue
to fight
he used his two swords to block the
bullets from cable's gun and within
seconds he was completely covered with
bullets looking terrified
while the two were still fighting
russell managed to break the prison
wires to escape
the boy quickly rescued the juggernaut
juggernaut blows up the bridge too
domino was still blessed by the god of
luck so she landed very gently on the
giant bear
deadpool had just bent his head back
when he saw juggernaut rush over he
lifted deadpool and tore him in half
before he could say anything
after that russell appeared no matter
how he explained the boy still thought
that deadpool didn't consider him a
friend
and the boy left with the giant monster
with the intention of killing the
headmaster
domino came to carry his upper half of
the body home behind cable also just
woke up
he stayed at mrs l's house and waited
for his legs to grow out and after the
legs grew back like before he would go
find cable for revenge
everyone was teasing deadpool's little
legs when cable suddenly appeared
but this time he came not to fight but
to ask for their cooperation to work
together to prevent the first murder
from russell
juggernaut was released and cable
couldn't defeat him
and juggernaut is helping russell kill
people it's like a tiger growing wings
this incident will lead to many future
disasters including the fact that
cable's wife and daughter in the future
world are still killed
after hearing cable's story deadpool
toddled in front of cable the two
shaking hands to form an alliance
but with the strength of a few people it
is not enough
deadpool's party goes to x-mansion
academy to convince colossus to join
their team
as expected a principled and proud man
like colossus would obviously refuse
they couldn't invite colossus they had
to risk their lives to fight juggernaut
the boy was now at the gate of the
orphanage with the giant monster when
they arrived the boy and juggernaut were
already at the door of the headmaster's
room he immediately closed the door and
turned around and ran away
but russell created a fire that blew the
door of the headmaster's office open and
chased after the headmaster
meanwhile juggernaut returns to fight
deadpool's group
he turned around and kicked cable flying
into a nearby car
deadpool was like a small worm climbing
up and stabbing him with a sword he
grabbed and threw deadpool into the
barbed wire next to it the girl with the
power of luck is the only one to survive
and fight the juggernaut
deadpool is bored watching the game
when he was about to die his best friend
colossus appeared and carried him off
the fence
while the two were passionately in love
with each other behind domino and cable
were beat into pieces by juggernaut
colossus charged at the juggernaut with
all his might
thought he would win against juggernaut
but juggernaut didn't beat him to death
about the fireboy he burned most of the
orphanage and caught up with the
principal cable and deadpool ran off
when the old principal's staff stopped
but the staff was quickly defeated
domino ran to save the children of the
orphanage and got them out
when russell was about to use a powerful
fire to burn him alive cable ran to
create a shield to withstand the fire
from the boy saving his life
colossus thought he was just a sandbag
for the giant to relax but fortunately
[ __ ] sonic and yukio rushed over
with the help of two people colossus
turned defeat into victory successfully
defeating the giant
because he hadn't killed the headmaster
yet russell frantically set fire to kill
th a headmaster cable and deadpool could
no longer stop him being thrown out by
the boy's flames with only one bullet
left cable was about to pick up his gun
and shoot but deadpool stopped him
giving him some time to convince russell
everyone thought that after being
admonished for a while the boy changed
his mind he hugged deadpool
but it turned out that the boy no longer
trusted anyone he made the fire push
deadpool away deadpool burned black but
quickly recovered
he tried one last time
he wears the anti-superpower necklace
and tells the boy that if russell wants
to kill killing him alone is enough
but the boy was still determined to use
all his strength to prepare to continue
the fire
cable immediately rushed to pick up the
gun and fired the last bullet at russell
because of protecting the boy deadpool
even though he was wearing the
anti-superpower necklace still rushed
out to block bullets for russell
now the boy understood that there were
still people who cared about him
the teddy bear and cable's hand is no
longer burning black which means that
cable's wife and children in the future
world are safe
deadpool is about to die but still does
not forget to babble say thank you and
goodbye to everyone
the atmosphere is so sad
he begins to fall into a dream and meets
vanessa again
this time he got close and got a hug
from vanessa which means he got it right
this time
but then vanessa said he had to come
back because they needed him
he woke up at this time seeing that
deadpool was about to die cable
immediately started the clock to control
the time
back when they were about to enter the
orphanage cable stuffed a coin into
deadpool's chest where he knew the
bullet was going to hit
deadpool is saved but cable cannot
return to the future with his wife and
children
and the evil headmaster also died under
depiner's wheels
the story should have ended here but
there's still an interesting surprise
later guys [ __ ] sonic fixed cable's
clock
deadpool used it to go back in time and
save vanessa come back to save peter a
member of the x force go to wolverine to
kill the version of deadpool from the
movie x-men origins
he even prevented actor ryan reynolds
from accepting the script for the movie
green lantern
what an awesome character
our movie ends here goodbye and see you
in the next videos this is the end of
the movie see you in the next movie
thank you for watching the movie